docs: Update passkeys tutorial (#536)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/home/passkeys-tutorials/safe-passkeys-tutorial.mdx

## Testing your Safe passkeys app

That's it! You can find the source code for the example created in this tutorial [on GitHub](https://github.com/5afe/safe-passkeys-tutorial). You can now return to your browser and see the app displayed 🎉.

![safe-passkeys-app-1.png](../../../assets/safe-passkeys-app-1.png)

Click the **Create a new passkey** button to prompt a browser pop-up asking you to confirm the creation of a new passkey. This passkey will be stored in your browser's local storage and displayed in the list above the button.

This will create a new Safe object in the background, which will be deployed when you click the **Mint NFT** button. This will also mint an NFT using the passkey you created.

![safe-passkeys-app-3.png](../../../assets/safe-passkeys-app-3.png)

Click the link to Jiffy Scan to see the UserOp that was sent and more complete information.

## Best practices

> You can now integrate passkeys with more transactions and functionalities of the Safe ecosystem, however please be aware of certain security considerations when dealing with passkeys. We recommend using passkeys only in a development environment, and never to secure 1/1 Safes as a sole method of authentication. Please always use a combination of passkeys and other authentication methods to ensure the security of your users' assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be mindful of certain security considerations when dealing with passkeys. We recommend using passkeys only in a development environment till all the associated contracts are audited.

For the tutorial's simplicity, we created a 1/1 Safe with a passkey as the sole signer. This is not recommended for production setups. Please always use a combination of passkeys and other authentication methods to ensure the security of your users' assets.
```

Reviewer: Can we also get Niha's input on the wording here?

## Do more with Safe and passkeys

We learned how to use passkeys (create them, store them, and use them securely) and how they can interact with a Safe (deploy it and send transactions). We hope you enjoyed this tutorial and that the combination of passkeys and the ERC-4337 will unlock new forms of ownership for your project and users.

> You can read more about passkeys in our [overview](../passkeys-overview.mdx) or in the [WebAuthn API documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Authentication_API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now integrate passkeys with more transactions and functionalities of the Safe ecosystem. You can read more about passkeys in our [overview](../passkeys-overview.mdx) or in the [WebAuthn API documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Authentication_API).
```

![safe-passkeys-app-1.png](../../../assets/safe-passkeys-app-1.png)

Click the **Create a New Passkey** button to prompt a browser pop-up asking you to confirm the creation of a new passkey. This passkey will be stored in your browser's local storage and displayed in the list above the button.

This will create a new Safe object in the background, which will be deployed when you click the **Mint NFT** button. This will also mint an NFT using the passkey you created.

![safe-passkeys-app-3.png](../../../assets/safe-passkeys-app-3.png)

Click the link to Jiffy Scan to see the UserOp that was sent and more complete information.

## Do more with Safe and passkeys

We learned how to use passkeys (create them, store them, and use them securely) and how they can interact with a Safe (deploy it and send transactions). We hope you enjoyed this tutorial and that the combination of passkeys and the ERC-4337 will unlock new forms of ownership for your project and users.

You can read more about passkeys in our [overview](../passkeys-overview.mdx) or in the [WebAuthn API documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Authentication_API).

> <Callout type='warning' emoji='⚠️'>

Reviewer: Should this be a sub-section called Best practices or something similar instead of a callout?
